---
title: "Cosmic results with the final Micromegas sectors for the ATLAS Muon upgrade"
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/2021-04-15-nsw
excerpt: 'The study presents the cosmic results with the final Micromegas sectors for the ATLAS Muon upgrade, focusing on the high efficiency and fast response of the detectors at the New Small Wheel for the High-Luminosity Large Hadron Collider.'
excerpt: ''
date: 2021-04-15
venue: 'Proceedings of Science'
# slidesurl: ''
paperurl: 'https://pos.sissa.it/390/773/pdf'
citation: 'Rabanal Bolaños, G. (2021). &quot;Cosmic results with the final Micromegas sectors for the ATLAS Muon upgrade.&quot; <i>Proceedings of 40th International Conference on High Energy Physics</i>, PoS(ICHEP2020), volume 390, pp. 773-778.'
---

**Abstract:** The detector technology for the innermost end-cap muon stations (Small Wheels) of the ATLAS detector needs to be upgraded to cope with the upgraded beam luminosity in the High Luminosity Large Hadron Collider (HL-LHC). The new technology should be able to meet the demands of high efficiency and fast response at the expected high background rate. The detectors for precision tracking and triggering at the New Small Wheel (NSW) will be Micromegas (MM) and small-strip Thin Gap Chambers (sTGC). The detectors are also complementary to each other. Each of the two NSW will consist of 8 large and 8 small sectors. A sector is a combination of the sTGC wedges on either side of a double MM wedge. The MM quadruplets are received at CERN from different construction sites. 4 MM quadruplets are integrated to build a MM double wedge. After the electronic integration is completed, the double wedges are tested with cosmic muons at the Cosmic Stand of B899 at CERN. There is a sequence of procedures for testing the double wedges at the Cosmic Stand. Here, we make sure of the final high voltage configuration, measure the efficiency, cluster size, strip multiplicity per readout layers of the double wedge, and qualify the MM sector for the final integration with the sTGC wedges before mounting them on the NSW. The procedure and the final results from the MM double wedges will be presented.

DOI: [https://doi.org/10.22323/1.390.0773](https://doi.org/10.22323/1.390.0773)

[Read the paper](https://pos.sissa.it/390/773/pdf)
